a surprise party thank you
I have to say it wasn't much of a party
it was more like everyone I know just
getting together to tell me I drink too
much wasn't even my birthday so jokes on
them I just went to one of these big
events where you wear really fancy dress
and you drink a bunch of champagne and
you pass out it was my wedding I'm just
joking obviously I'm not married ah but
I do have a boyfriend and he's married
so it works out
my dad is Irish Catholic and my mom is
Protestant so that makes me bisexual
I think online dating would be more
interesting if people were actually
honest on their profiles you know end up
front like I am a narcissist in chronic
back pain who needs constant rides to
the airport I know a girl is passive
aggressive and she says what she means
but then she laughs through it to negate
it so she'll be like that was really
uncool how you said you weren't going
out tonight and then you're showing up
at the party anyway I'm like are you mad
at me she's like no I just would never
do that to a friend but I guess you're
not a real friend all right just because
you're laughing cuz I mean I can't hear
what you're saying she actually changed
her name it used to be Phyllis she
changed her name to Gail you know if
you're gonna change your name don't make
a lateral move I just met her boyfriend
at a party he was like crazy back
cracker guys like hey let me crack your
back I was like that's cool I'm all set
he's like come on let me crack her back
so he lifted me up in the air and for
some reason my back didn't crack which
was super uncomfortable because he's
like the hero of the party at this point
and I just found myself wishing that a
back cracking was something you could
fake I just was cat-sitting for both of
them and they were like calling me all
day freaking out about their cats are
cats okay texting me like what is going
to happen to two cats I think they were
afraid I was going to say I don't know
how to tell you this but one of your
cats shot the other one
last year I was performing for the
troops on a month-long tour and we had a
near-death experience Thanks we were in
a plane that actually had a malfunction
and it plummeted 30,000 feet over the
Indian Ocean they fixed it everything
was fine i came back to LA and I was
telling the story to a group of people
and this girl was like yeah 30,000 feet
really not that far and i did not know
prior to that that a near-death
experience could be inadequate last year
I went to London to do a TV show and I
was so excited to go and you know when
you get to customs there they have you
fill out a card that says if you're if
you're there for work or vacation so I
put work and the guy at customs goes
what's your profession then and I said
I'm a comedian and then he goes that's a
horrible profession isn't it and I go no
it's a great profession it's bringing me
to London and he goes what about when
you're standing there and everybody
hates you and they hate your jokes
and I go wow I mean hey it's no crushing
people's dreams at the border